.TH usbkill-settings-ini 5 "1.0-rc.3 (June 2014)" "settings.ini" "usbkill manual"
.SH NAME
settings.ini - usbkill configuration file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/local/etc/usbkill/settings.ini
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I usbkill(1)
reads configuration data from
.B /usr/local/etc/settings.ini
.P
The possible settings, case-sensitive, are:
.SS whitelist = []
Whitelist command lists the USB ids that you want whitelisted. How to get
the correct usbid for your trusted USB device?
.P
.B BSD/Linux
.P
run "lsusb", the usbid will looks like this:
.B 0123:9abc
.P
.B Mac OS X
.P
run "system_profiler SPUSBDataType" in the terminal and find the
Vendor/Product ID, it will looks like this:
.P
	> Product ID: 0x8403
.P
	> Vendor ID: 0x05ac  (Apple Inc.)
.P
Take the 4 characters after the 0x and merge them (Vendor ID first), it
will look like:
.B 05ac:8403
.P
Other parties can copy your trusted usbid to another usb device!
Use whitelist command and single space separation as follows:
.P
.B whitelist = ["4c2a:d2b0", "0b2d:a2c4"]
.P
To allow multiple (2 and 4) USBs with same id:
[("4c2a:d2b0":2), ("0b2d:a2c4":4)]

.SS sleep = 0.25
Allow for a certain amount of sleep time between checks, e.g. 0.25 seconds

.SS double_usbid_detection = True
Perform USB id copy detection?
This option does not work on all platforms, and can therefore be turned
off.

.SS log_file = /var/log/usbkill/usbkill.log
Log file location

.SS melt_usbkill = False
Remove log (folder) and settings (folder) and usbkill program (folder)
upon kill?
This might be usefull if you only encrypt portions of your disk (home
folder or volumes).
Make sure to sync the system (using do_sync=True) if this is a critical
feature for you.
(True/False)

.SS remove_file_command = srm
 use srm to remove files.
 try srm --help or [x] to see what options are available
 [x] http://srm.sourceforge.net/srm.html
 Example: remove_file_command = srm -zlf

.SS files_to_remove = []
What files should be removed upon a kill?
Provide absolute paths to the files (paths that start with '/' or '~').
Use " not ' to define the strings, e.g.:
files_to_remove = ["~/Desktop/contacts.txt",
"~/Desktop/dpr_journal.txt"]

.SS folders_to_remove = [ ]
What folders should be removed upon a kill?
Provide absolute paths to the files (paths that start with '/' or '~').
Content in folders will be removed recursively
Use " not ' to define the strings, e.g.:
folders_to_remove = ["~/Desktop/sensitive/",
"~/Desktop/dpr_journal_entries/"]

.SS do_sync = True
Should usbkill sync the file system for you?
This should not be a problem on most computers.
Sync will save some of your work to disk before killing your computer.

.SS kill_commands = [ ]
Custom kill commands that can not be specified using above described
mechanisms.
This is where you want to release volumes, etc.
These commands will run in order and as root, as the last commands.
Sync should be activated once more if you want to sync
Use " not ' to define the strings, e.g.:
kill_commands = [ "bash ~/scripts/destroy.sh", "sync" ]

.SH FILES
.B /usr/local/etc/usbkill/settings.ini

.SH AUTHORS
.I usbkill
was written by
.B hephaest0s <hephaestos@riseup.net>.
See file
.B AUTHORS
for a list of people
contributing to this project.

The git repository of usbkill can be found at
.I https://github.com/hephaest0s/usbkill

This manual page was written by Mads 'MadsRC' Christensen <mads@v42.dk>

.SH SEE ALSO
.B usbkill(1)

