.TH usbkill 1 "1.0-rc.3 (June 2014)" "usbkill" "usbkill manual"

.SH NAME
usbkill - anti-forensic kill-switch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B usbkill
.I "[OPTION]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
usbkill is an anti-forensic kill-switch that waits for a change on your
USB ports and then immediately shuts down your computer.

Some reasons to use this tool:

* In case the police or other thugs come busting in (or steal your laptop
from you when you are at a public library as happened to Ross). The police
commonly uses a « mouse jiggler » to keep the screensaver and sleep mode
from activating.
.P
* You don’t want someone to retrieve documents (such as private keys) from
your computer or install malware/backdoors via USB.
.P
* You want to improve the security of your (Full Disk Encrypted) home or
corporate server (e.g. Your Raspberry).
.P
.B "[!] Important:"
Make sure to use (partial) disk encryption! Otherwise they will get in
anyway.

.B "Tip:"
Additionally, you may use a cord to attach a USB key to your
wrist. Then insert the key into your computer and start
.I usbkill.
If they steal your computer, the USB will be removed and the computer
shuts down immediately.

.SS Feature List
* Compatible with Linux, *BSD and OS X.
.P
* Shutdown the computer when there is USB activity.
.P
* Customizable. Define which commands should be executed just before shut
down.
.P
* Ability to whitelist a USB device.
.P
* Ability to change the check interval (default: 250ms).
.P
* Ability to melt the program on shut down.
.P
* Works with sleep mode (OS X).
.P
* No dependency except srm iff you want
.I usbkill
to delete files/folders
for you.
.P
* Sensible defaults.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\f3-h --help\f1
Show help message, exit.
.TP
\f3--version\f1
Show version of the program, exit.
.TP
\f3--no-shut-down\f1
If a malicious change on the USB ports is detected,
execute all the (destructive) commands you defined in settings.ini,
but don’t turn off the computer.
.TP
\f3--cs\f1
Copy program folder settings.ini to /etc/usbkill/settings.ini.

.SH PLATFORMS
.TP
.I usbkill
is known to work on Linux, *BSD and OSX.

.SH FILES
.TP
.IP "/usr/local/etc/usbkill/settings.ini"
Configuration file for
.I usbkill.
Use this to define log file placement, device whitelist etc.

.SH BUGS
.TP
None that we know of.

.SH AUTHORS
.I usbkill
was written by
.B hephaest0s <hephaestos@riseup.net>.
See file
.I AUTHORS
for a list of people contributing to this project.
.P
The
.I git
repository of
.I usbkill
can be found at
.BI https://github.com/hephaest0s/usbkill
.P
This manual page was written by Mads 'MadsRC' Christensen <mads@v42.dk>.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR usbkill-settings.ini (5)
